---
FRONT PAGE
Two Trees Extra Virgin Olive Oil - In a Store Near You!

Thank you for taking the time out of your busy day to explore the Two Trees Olive Oil website. We hope you'll find the information on these pages both educational and inspiring. You'll find an interactive tour to learn about our oil-making process, and can shop for all our delicious products right here online, or find stores that carry them. We love to get feedback about our products, website, and company in general so please feel free to leave us a message at feedback@twotreesoliveoil.com.


---
ABOUT PAGE
The Story Behind Two Trees Extra Virgin Olive Oil

In 1903, my great grandparents came to the United States from Italy. Not only did they bring their recipes for traditional home-style Italian cooking, but they also brought their knowledge of raising olives for the creation of fine olive oil. Over several decades, they perfected the process that now lies at the heart of Two Trees Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Over 100 years later, I'm very proud to have passed this tradition onto my children and grandchildren, and to continue offering my grandparents' wonderful olive oil to the world.

With the advent of modern machinery and improved organic farming techniques, Two Trees Olive Oil has continued to raise the bar in extra virgin olive oil production - winning awards year after year for flavor, quality, innovation, and environmental consciousness. Not to mention, we consider our 3,000 employees worldwide to be part of a large, extended family, and have consistently improved working conditions and benefits, to ensure their happiness and job satisfaction. We feel fortunate to be able to put 5 percent of the total sales from our olive oil back into employee development programs such as continued education. In addition, another 5 percent of our olive oil sales goes directly to charitable social, environmental, animal welfare, and human rights causes.

---
ARTICLE
Two Trees Olive Oil Adopted by Northern New England Organic Chefs Association

The Northern New England Organic Chefs Association (NNEOCA) recently endorsed Two Trees Olive Oil as their preferred brand of choice. NNEOCA spent months testing a variety of extra virgin olive oils at their member chef's restaurant. Two Trees Olive Oil was the preferred brand by nearly all of the chefs.

"TTOO has a superior flavor for dipping bread, as well as using it in our vegetable sautees," said Mary Greene, chef/owner of Vermont Secret Garden restaurant in downtown Brattleboro. "We'll be using it exclusively in our restaurant going forward."
